This is the read me file for using agmarknet_granular_data.py to download price and arrivals data form agmarknet websit.

Pre-Requisites:
Python (Anaconda Preferable)
Pandas Library
Path Library
Active Internet Connection

Installing Pandas Library:
Open Anaconda Prompt
enter the command: pip install pandas 
and press enter
The Pandas library should begin to download. If it is already installed, the Anaconda Prompt will tell you. 

Installing the Path Library:
The pathlib (Path Library) should be installed by default, but in case it is not, use the following command in Anaconda Prompt:
       pip install pathlib

Using the Program:
Copy paste the file named agmarknet_granular_data.py in folder of your choice.
1)Open Anadonda Prompt
2)If the drive shown by prompt is not the one your file is saved in, enter [<drive name>:] (For Example: f:) and press Enter
For example:
if the prompt shows something like this:
C:\Users\Aashay>
But your file is in F:\ enter f: and press enter
now copy the path to your folder where the file is pasted and enter the following command:
cd <path to the folder containing our file>
for Example:
cd F:\IIT Bombay\Interns\IIM B\python\Data

3) Enter the following command: 
python agmarknet_granular_data.py 
and press enter

4) When asked for commodity name, Enter the commodity name, with correct spelling
5) When asked for From date, enter from date in the dd-mm-yyyy format (for example 01-04-2015). The program uses 01-04-2015
as default from date. To use this, press enter. 
6) When asked for To Date, enter to date in the dd-mm-yyyy format (for example 31-03-2020). The program uses 31-03-2020
as default to date. To use this, press enter.

The data should begin to download. Two folders with the names Backup and Data in the specified folder will be created.
Data folder will contain the final excel file. Backup folder will contain all the intermediate backups and backup of final 
file, just in case. The program backs up the data after every 500 days to prevent loss of data. 

If the code suddenly stops working, press ctrl+c to stop anaconda prompt from functioning. It will end the current session
and any data that was downloaded in the session (that wasn't saved as excel file) will be lost. 

 